1-1. Concatenating Two or More Strings
    Problem: You want to merge two or more stings into one.
    Solution: Concatenate the strings using the addition (+) operator.

1-2. Concatenating a String and Another Data Type
    Problem: You want to concatenate a string with another data type, such as a number.
    Solution: Use the exact same operators, such as addition (+) and shorthand assignment (+=), you use when concatenating
        stings.

1-3. Conditionally Comparing Strings
    Problem: You want to compare two strings to see if they're the same.
    Solution: Use the equality operator (==) within a conditional test.

1-4. Finding a Substring in a String
    Problem: You want to find out if a substring, a particular series of characters, exist in a string.
    Solution: Use the String object's built-in indexOf method to find the position of the substring, if it exists.

1-5. Extracting a Substring from a String
    Problem: You have a string with several sentences, one of which has a list of items. The list begins with a colon
        (:) and ends with a period (.). You want to extract just the list.
    Solution: Use the indexOf String method to locate the colon, and then use it again to find the first period following
        the colon. With these two locations, extract the string using the String substring method.

1-6. Checking for an Existing, Nonempty String
    Problem: You want to check that a variable is defined, is a string, and is not empty.
    Solution: Use a combination of typeof operator, the general valueOf method (which all JavaScript objects share), and
        the String length property to create a conditional test that ensures a variable is set, is a string, and is not
        empty.

1-7. Breaking a Keyword String into Separate Keywords
    Problem: You have a string with keywords, separated by commas. You want to break the string into an array of separate
        keywords, and the print the keywords out with a keyword label.
    Solution: Use the String method to split the string on the commas. Loop through the array, printing out the separate
        values.

1-8. Inserting Special Characters
    Problem: You want to insert a special character, such as a line feed, into a string.
    Solution: Use one of the escape sequences in the string. For instance, to add the copyright symbol into a block of
        text to be added to the page, use the escape sequence \u00A9.

1-9. Processing Individual Lines of a textarea
    Problem: You want to be able to process individual lines from a textarea box.
    Solution: Use the String split method, combined with the line break escape sequence (\n) to split the contents of the
        textarea into its separate lines.

1-10. Trimming Whitespaces from the Ends of a String
    Problem: You want to trim the whitespace around a string that you've accessed from a from element.
    Solution: Use the new ECMAScript 5 String trim method.

1-11. Left- or Right-Pad a String
    Problem: You need to create a string that's left- or right-padded with a given character.
    Solution: Test the length of the string, then generate a padding string consisting of duplications of a given character
        to either concatenate to the original string (if padding to the right) or attaching to the beginning of the string
        (if padding to the left).