3-1. Printing Out Today's Date
    Problem: You want to print out hte current date and time to a web page.
    Solution: Create a new Date object, without any parameters, and output its value to the web page.

3-2. Printing Out the UTC Date and Time
    Problem: You want to print out the current UTC (universal time) date and time, rather than the local time.
    Solution: Use the UTC JavaScript methods in order to access the current data and time as universal time.

3-3. Printing Out an ISO 8601 Formatted Date
    Problem: You need a date string with the date formatted according to the ISO 8601 standard.
    Solution: Construct the Date, access the individual elements, and create the ISO 8601 formatted string.

3-4. Converting an ISO 8601 Formatted Date to a Format Acceptable to the Date Object
    Problem: You need to convert an ISO 8601 formatted date string into values that can be used to create a new Date
        object.
    Solution: Parse the ISO 8601 sting into the individula date values, and use it to create a new JavaScript Date
        object.

3-5. Creating a Specific Date
    Problem: You want to create a Date object given a month, day, and year.
    Solution: Construct a Date object, passing in th month, day, and year as parameters.

3-6. Scheduling a Future Date
    Problem: You want to generate a future date.
    Solution: Use a combination of the Date object's get and set methods in order to create a future date.

3-7. Tracking Elapsed Time
    Problem: You want to track the elapsed time between events.
    Solution: Create a Date object when the first event occurs, a new Date object when the second event occurs, and
        subtract the first from the second. The difference is in milliseconds; to convert to seconds, divide by 1,000.

3-8. Creating a Timeout
    Problem: You want to trigger a timeout based on an event.
    Solution: Use the window.setTimetou method to create a one-time-only timer.

3-9. Creating Recurring Timers
    Problem: You need to run the same function several times at regular intervals.
    Solution: Use the Window.setInterval method to create a recurring timer.

3-10. Using Function Closures with Timers
    Problem: You want to provide a function with a timer, but you want to add the function directly into the timer
        method call.
    Solution: Use an anonymous function as first parameter to the setInterval or setTimeout method call.